although charger has not gone far away
he rarely spends time with this family
but his presence in the neighborhood
keeps away young males looking for
territory who might attack the Cubs the
male Cubs are already becoming
distinguishable from their sisters by
their more powerful build the male on
the left has a broader head than his
sister on the right until now the Cubs
have behaved in a largely similar way
eventually however their paths will
diverge the females will each take up a
territory close to their mother but the
males will move much farther away to
find and if necessary fight for
territories of their own for now however
brothers and sisters stick closely
together they still have a lot to learn
both sexes have to know how to fight the
female is to protect themselves from
unwanted advances the males to take or
defend a territory and siblings make
excellent sparring partners
it looks violent but it's quite
disciplined and no blood is ever drawn
fighting adults use exactly the same
moves but with claws unsheathed and then
the results from bouts like this can be
fatal
you